THEMES.md, before:

# Available themes

All available themes are only best effort ports by myself/ other users. If you find a theme to be weird/ wrong please open an issue/ pr.

### auto
if your favourite colorcheme is not yet supported you can use `auto` to make
lualine try to match your colorscheme.
### 16color
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648240-02d2ae00-74bb-11eb-9ac1-495849621366.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648219-f77f8280-74ba-11eb-84e4-978bf918c21f.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648263-141bba80-74bb-11eb-84e0-ff48ae6f927a.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648270-1a119b80-74bb-11eb-8fff-00984243846f.png'/>
</p>

### ayu_dark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648314-357ca680-74bb-11eb-83de-ec94c3a75d99.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648329-3e6d7800-74bb-11eb-901b-41e1f01315f0.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648342-44fbef80-74bb-11eb-8262-a6f615e5fcfb.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648367-52b17500-74bb-11eb-8ec5-dbb59db60d98.png'/>
</p>

### ayu_light
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648508-b5a30c00-74bb-11eb-80f7-0bce969d35ea.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648511-b89dfc80-74bb-11eb-9868-f63d7752fe83.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648514-bb98ed00-74bb-11eb-87f4-6b24de56f86c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648518-bd62b080-74bb-11eb-8cbe-869ed12d16dc.png'/>
</p>

### ayu_mirage
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648535-c6538200-74bb-11eb-815b-53f4b3274602.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648537-c784af00-74bb-11eb-8da5-d91bfc61a967.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648539-ca7f9f80-74bb-11eb-840a-5e0d9ba98bb8.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648541-cbb0cc80-74bb-11eb-843f-19c4c58b1d91.png'/>
</p>

### ayu
It's a combination of ayu_light, ayu_dark & ayu_mirage. It loads one of these
them based you your `g:ayucolor` option.

### codedark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648568-dff4c980-74bb-11eb-9d16-b68ac68f2ab2.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648569-e125f680-74bb-11eb-8782-db9a6c2a3153.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648578-e6834100-74bb-11eb-819c-fb66d7d5118c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648582-e8e59b00-74bb-11eb-9239-edcc8e9c2c18.png'/>
</p>

### dracula
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648594-f0a53f80-74bb-11eb-9018-9ee12260750e.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648600-f26f0300-74bb-11eb-82a4-f732b3e7eeff.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648606-f4d15d00-74bb-11eb-8327-a35e97533617.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648619-fe5ac500-74bb-11eb-8952-cc5c81fd0b2b.png'/>
</p>

### everforest
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648663-1cc0c080-74bc-11eb-8cc1-36266a0385e3.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648667-1df1ed80-74bc-11eb-9ef8-dfd2e8401f0c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648671-21857480-74bc-11eb-996e-a5cf212e98bd.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648675-22b6a180-74bc-11eb-9b8e-45e64a03e062.png'/>
</p>

### gruvbox_dark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648685-2b0edc80-74bc-11eb-9ec9-9aac3677df43.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648693-2ea26380-74bc-11eb-831a-9ebbe4f3dd83.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648700-319d5400-74bc-11eb-90fa-72eccbda8242.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648716-382bcb80-74bc-11eb-824a-aaca67035073.png'/>
</p>

### gruvbox_light
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34294427/118757012-5d9b5c00-b896-11eb-8e4f-c0c28f774cf6.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34294427/118757009-5bd19880-b896-11eb-9846-d02b16653ab0.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34294427/118757023-612ee300-b896-11eb-8673-a39a0fbce619.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34294427/118757020-5ffdb600-b896-11eb-95e7-dbf1f08e063d.png'/>
</p>

### gruvbox
It's a combination of gruvbox_light and gruvbox_dark. It loads either of
them based you your `background` option.

### gruvbox-material
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648725-3f52d980-74bc-11eb-8fa5-a77b0a21cdea.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648728-41b53380-74bc-11eb-99cf-001eab6cc51b.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648742-4a0d6e80-74bc-11eb-9685-8e0cba1eb3c3.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648744-4d085f00-74bc-11eb-8aaa-05a7ca46adec.png'/>
</p>

### horizon
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69089176/118903813-70527700-b910-11eb-9d45-1785790ce8e8.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69089176/118902058-bc9bb800-b90c-11eb-99b8-3b98cbdd01d7.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69089176/118903506-dab6e780-b90f-11eb-85db-c6227a8caf0c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69089176/118902070-c2919900-b90c-11eb-9296-145a99ce52ce.png'/>
</p>

### iceberg_dark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648796-614c5c00-74bc-11eb-8398-cde120ec7746.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648813-64474c80-74bc-11eb-986b-432498dd6245.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648822-66a9a680-74bc-11eb-8b2b-416cd359c30d.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648829-6ad5c400-74bc-11eb-9af4-670968934931.png'/>
</p>

### iceberg_light
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648848-71fcd200-74bc-11eb-8910-e12ae9ce619f.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648849-73c69580-74bc-11eb-93f9-d6f75a2bdd97.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648851-7628ef80-74bc-11eb-8a4b-c7f44c89ac93.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648862-7aeda380-74bc-11eb-808c-1b12dde45f3d.png'/>
</p>

### iceberg
It's a combination of icrberg_light and icrberg_dark. It loads either of
them based you your `background` option.

### jellybeans
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648882-82ad4800-74bc-11eb-91e8-4d38fcdec134.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648883-850fa200-74bc-11eb-8d9b-54116accd2f8.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648900-8d67dd00-74bc-11eb-9600-13cd48fa2bde.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648902-8f31a080-74bc-11eb-9d8e-37a3f41d4c7a.png'/>
</p>

### material
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648925-9e185300-74bc-11eb-9263-842fe2d56ba8.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648927-9f498000-74bc-11eb-8a15-4ba68403037a.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648930-a1134380-74bc-11eb-8a24-f203bf05cfb3.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648935-a2dd0700-74bc-11eb-9a4b-72eb1e2ab79e.png'/>
</p>

### modus-vivendi
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9327361/114389966-58176b80-9b9e-11eb-944e-1e0079527d74.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9327361/114390000-606fa680-9b9e-11eb-97dd-ef5bbc23049a.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9327361/114390024-6796b480-9b9e-11eb-8be2-ca4cc893fbb2.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9327361/114390052-6d8c9580-9b9e-11eb-8dcb-469290a4c655.png'/>
</p>

### molokai
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648944-ab354200-74bc-11eb-85fd-71a40102384b.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648946-acff0580-74bc-11eb-9aae-36a869b855e5.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648953-af615f80-74bc-11eb-8897-f2945fc34c09.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648958-b12b2300-74bc-11eb-8232-550949cbbfb3.png'/>
</p>

### nightfly
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648974-b9835e00-74bc-11eb-9c52-c5187aa3ff2c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648977-bab48b00-74bc-11eb-96b3-7f51fc73d8e8.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648980-bc7e4e80-74bc-11eb-9b12-3182a112f968.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648981-bdaf7b80-74bc-11eb-86d4-6c44c3764a70.png'/>
</p>

### nord
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649007-cbfd9780-74bc-11eb-87be-a9edc714e57a.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649010-cd2ec480-74bc-11eb-9d9b-54fadee2abef.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649019-cef88800-74bc-11eb-97eb-054d78427442.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649021-cf911e80-74bc-11eb-8b4a-9f9eb61c7973.png'/>
</p>

### OceanicNext
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649039-d7e95980-74bc-11eb-9a33-df413936c645.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649043-d91a8680-74bc-11eb-9b1b-9c2e88ede3aa.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649052-db7ce080-74bc-11eb-8d9b-05c4c21a7e53.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649056-dcae0d80-74bc-11eb-91a0-ee0d98f3525d.png'/>
</p>

### onedark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649068-e5064880-74bc-11eb-9a8f-5e3b8f401efe.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649071-e6377580-74bc-11eb-8715-99d5aaf9eed0.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649075-e9326600-74bc-11eb-8a94-210575aca09e.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649077-ea639300-74bc-11eb-8166-3bbccd66e3a5.png'/>
</p>

### onelight
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649091-f18aa100-74bc-11eb-9e1e-e55fbae7c6b4.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649094-f2bbce00-74bc-11eb-9d72-41362bd40c73.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649095-f3546480-74bc-11eb-8ea3-9a5b7ff3c3c1.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649096-f4859180-74bc-11eb-8aec-217cd5053537.png'/>
</p>

### palenight
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7190144/109406548-3e1d2300-797a-11eb-8fdb-c3882ae08625.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7190144/109406547-3e1d2300-797a-11eb-9b72-43ba7145355d.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7190144/109406545-3cebf600-797a-11eb-8e2e-992e98d8120e.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7190144/109406546-3d848c80-797a-11eb-9069-04caf383275d.png'/>
</p>

### papercolor_dark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649104-fd766300-74bc-11eb-8c5c-40e7191a81f7.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649106-fe0ef980-74bc-11eb-93f7-f98e0b89d5c9.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649108-ff402680-74bc-11eb-93da-bb96d51c39f0.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649112-00715380-74bd-11eb-8125-2c108da5123e.png'/>
</p>

### papercolor_light
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649126-07986180-74bd-11eb-9a25-c6ce762d37d2.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649129-08c98e80-74bd-11eb-93d4-5bc109ac9ee9.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649132-0b2be880-74bd-11eb-8ed2-afab3e974b4e.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649137-0cf5ac00-74bd-11eb-8764-765bead5de6e.png'/>
</p>

### PaperColor
It's a combination of papercolor_light and papercolor_dark. It loads either of
them based you your `background` option.

### powerline
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649147-14b55080-74bd-11eb-9670-713185342eb2.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649150-15e67d80-74bd-11eb-8815-194c51d96016.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649155-17b04100-74bd-11eb-8e41-017eb9a837b5.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649158-18e16e00-74bd-11eb-8687-65b0ecbf20d2.png'/>
</p>

### seoul256
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649194-2c8cd480-74bd-11eb-8fbc-935d7e0fe921.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649198-2d256b00-74bd-11eb-9894-7ffdead0297c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649202-2eef2e80-74bd-11eb-9627-38f834ce4aec.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649205-2f87c500-74bd-11eb-9da6-5253dcff2c82.png'/>
</p>

### solarized_dark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649216-37476980-74bd-11eb-8f3b-2a7fc368388d.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649217-38789680-74bd-11eb-8337-5e3005c5e261.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649223-3c0c1d80-74bd-11eb-953b-72c614aa9638.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649227-3d3d4a80-74bd-11eb-8251-d7788db36060.png'/>
</p>

### solarized_light
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649246-44645880-74bd-11eb-92c9-120798dc0452.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649251-462e1c00-74bd-11eb-953d-2857296997cc.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649255-475f4900-74bd-11eb-8a75-7ca266d56009.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649258-48907600-74bd-11eb-9bba-8e82b56777d9.png'/>
</p>

### Tomorrow
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649275-51814780-74bd-11eb-881b-1e137a0cbfe0.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649297-59d98280-74bd-11eb-92a5-a8c4af150106.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649317-5e9e3680-74bd-11eb-95a4-fc018cb4a528.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649321-6067fa00-74bd-11eb-83bb-b1de7f5e62d6.png'/>
</p>

### wombat
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649337-65c54480-74bd-11eb-9ea1-fab2e679c56b.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649411-8db4a800-74bd-11eb-962a-8b73f9fb7124.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649349-6cec5280-74bd-11eb-9ada-8f1cb8b48ec1.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649358-6fe74300-74bd-11eb-9fe2-a955f964e3ce.png'/>
</p

Commit message:

doc: Update docs for default theme and auto

THEMES.md, after:

# Available themes

All available themes are only best effort ports by myself/ other users. If you find a theme to be weird/ wrong please open an issue/ pr.

### auto
auto is a special theme. It will automaticaly load theme for your colorscheme.
If there's no theme available for your colorscheme then
it'll it's best to generate one.

### 16color
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648240-02d2ae00-74bb-11eb-9ac1-495849621366.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648219-f77f8280-74ba-11eb-84e4-978bf918c21f.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648263-141bba80-74bb-11eb-84e0-ff48ae6f927a.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648270-1a119b80-74bb-11eb-8fff-00984243846f.png'/>
</p>

### ayu_dark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648314-357ca680-74bb-11eb-83de-ec94c3a75d99.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648329-3e6d7800-74bb-11eb-901b-41e1f01315f0.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648342-44fbef80-74bb-11eb-8262-a6f615e5fcfb.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648367-52b17500-74bb-11eb-8ec5-dbb59db60d98.png'/>
</p>

### ayu_light
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648508-b5a30c00-74bb-11eb-80f7-0bce969d35ea.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648511-b89dfc80-74bb-11eb-9868-f63d7752fe83.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648514-bb98ed00-74bb-11eb-87f4-6b24de56f86c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648518-bd62b080-74bb-11eb-8cbe-869ed12d16dc.png'/>
</p>

### ayu_mirage
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648535-c6538200-74bb-11eb-815b-53f4b3274602.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648537-c784af00-74bb-11eb-8da5-d91bfc61a967.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648539-ca7f9f80-74bb-11eb-840a-5e0d9ba98bb8.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648541-cbb0cc80-74bb-11eb-843f-19c4c58b1d91.png'/>
</p>

### ayu
It's a combination of ayu_light, ayu_dark & ayu_mirage. It loads one of these
them based you your `g:ayucolor` option.

### codedark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648568-dff4c980-74bb-11eb-9d16-b68ac68f2ab2.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648569-e125f680-74bb-11eb-8782-db9a6c2a3153.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648578-e6834100-74bb-11eb-819c-fb66d7d5118c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648582-e8e59b00-74bb-11eb-9239-edcc8e9c2c18.png'/>
</p>

### dracula
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648594-f0a53f80-74bb-11eb-9018-9ee12260750e.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648600-f26f0300-74bb-11eb-82a4-f732b3e7eeff.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648606-f4d15d00-74bb-11eb-8327-a35e97533617.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648619-fe5ac500-74bb-11eb-8952-cc5c81fd0b2b.png'/>
</p>

### everforest
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648663-1cc0c080-74bc-11eb-8cc1-36266a0385e3.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648667-1df1ed80-74bc-11eb-9ef8-dfd2e8401f0c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648671-21857480-74bc-11eb-996e-a5cf212e98bd.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648675-22b6a180-74bc-11eb-9b8e-45e64a03e062.png'/>
</p>

### gruvbox_dark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648685-2b0edc80-74bc-11eb-9ec9-9aac3677df43.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648693-2ea26380-74bc-11eb-831a-9ebbe4f3dd83.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648700-319d5400-74bc-11eb-90fa-72eccbda8242.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648716-382bcb80-74bc-11eb-824a-aaca67035073.png'/>
</p>

### gruvbox_light
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34294427/118757012-5d9b5c00-b896-11eb-8e4f-c0c28f774cf6.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34294427/118757009-5bd19880-b896-11eb-9846-d02b16653ab0.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34294427/118757023-612ee300-b896-11eb-8673-a39a0fbce619.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34294427/118757020-5ffdb600-b896-11eb-95e7-dbf1f08e063d.png'/>
</p>

### gruvbox
It's a combination of gruvbox_light and gruvbox_dark. It loads either of
them based you your `background` option.

### gruvbox-material
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648725-3f52d980-74bc-11eb-8fa5-a77b0a21cdea.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648728-41b53380-74bc-11eb-99cf-001eab6cc51b.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648742-4a0d6e80-74bc-11eb-9685-8e0cba1eb3c3.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648744-4d085f00-74bc-11eb-8aaa-05a7ca46adec.png'/>
</p>

### horizon
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69089176/118903813-70527700-b910-11eb-9d45-1785790ce8e8.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69089176/118902058-bc9bb800-b90c-11eb-99b8-3b98cbdd01d7.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69089176/118903506-dab6e780-b90f-11eb-85db-c6227a8caf0c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69089176/118902070-c2919900-b90c-11eb-9296-145a99ce52ce.png'/>
</p>

### iceberg_dark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648796-614c5c00-74bc-11eb-8398-cde120ec7746.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648813-64474c80-74bc-11eb-986b-432498dd6245.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648822-66a9a680-74bc-11eb-8b2b-416cd359c30d.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648829-6ad5c400-74bc-11eb-9af4-670968934931.png'/>
</p>

### iceberg_light
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648848-71fcd200-74bc-11eb-8910-e12ae9ce619f.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648849-73c69580-74bc-11eb-93f9-d6f75a2bdd97.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648851-7628ef80-74bc-11eb-8a4b-c7f44c89ac93.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648862-7aeda380-74bc-11eb-808c-1b12dde45f3d.png'/>
</p>

### iceberg
It's a combination of icrberg_light and icrberg_dark. It loads either of
them based you your `background` option.

### jellybeans
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648882-82ad4800-74bc-11eb-91e8-4d38fcdec134.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648883-850fa200-74bc-11eb-8d9b-54116accd2f8.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648900-8d67dd00-74bc-11eb-9600-13cd48fa2bde.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648902-8f31a080-74bc-11eb-9d8e-37a3f41d4c7a.png'/>
</p>

### material
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648925-9e185300-74bc-11eb-9263-842fe2d56ba8.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648927-9f498000-74bc-11eb-8a15-4ba68403037a.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648930-a1134380-74bc-11eb-8a24-f203bf05cfb3.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648935-a2dd0700-74bc-11eb-9a4b-72eb1e2ab79e.png'/>
</p>

### modus-vivendi
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9327361/114389966-58176b80-9b9e-11eb-944e-1e0079527d74.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9327361/114390000-606fa680-9b9e-11eb-97dd-ef5bbc23049a.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9327361/114390024-6796b480-9b9e-11eb-8be2-ca4cc893fbb2.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9327361/114390052-6d8c9580-9b9e-11eb-8dcb-469290a4c655.png'/>
</p>

### molokai
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648944-ab354200-74bc-11eb-85fd-71a40102384b.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648946-acff0580-74bc-11eb-9aae-36a869b855e5.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648953-af615f80-74bc-11eb-8897-f2945fc34c09.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648958-b12b2300-74bc-11eb-8232-550949cbbfb3.png'/>
</p>

### nightfly
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648974-b9835e00-74bc-11eb-9c52-c5187aa3ff2c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648977-bab48b00-74bc-11eb-96b3-7f51fc73d8e8.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648980-bc7e4e80-74bc-11eb-9b12-3182a112f968.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108648981-bdaf7b80-74bc-11eb-86d4-6c44c3764a70.png'/>
</p>

### nord
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649007-cbfd9780-74bc-11eb-87be-a9edc714e57a.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649010-cd2ec480-74bc-11eb-9d9b-54fadee2abef.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649019-cef88800-74bc-11eb-97eb-054d78427442.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649021-cf911e80-74bc-11eb-8b4a-9f9eb61c7973.png'/>
</p>

### OceanicNext
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649039-d7e95980-74bc-11eb-9a33-df413936c645.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649043-d91a8680-74bc-11eb-9b1b-9c2e88ede3aa.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649052-db7ce080-74bc-11eb-8d9b-05c4c21a7e53.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649056-dcae0d80-74bc-11eb-91a0-ee0d98f3525d.png'/>
</p>

### onedark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649068-e5064880-74bc-11eb-9a8f-5e3b8f401efe.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649071-e6377580-74bc-11eb-8715-99d5aaf9eed0.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649075-e9326600-74bc-11eb-8a94-210575aca09e.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649077-ea639300-74bc-11eb-8166-3bbccd66e3a5.png'/>
</p>

### onelight
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649091-f18aa100-74bc-11eb-9e1e-e55fbae7c6b4.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649094-f2bbce00-74bc-11eb-9d72-41362bd40c73.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649095-f3546480-74bc-11eb-8ea3-9a5b7ff3c3c1.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649096-f4859180-74bc-11eb-8aec-217cd5053537.png'/>
</p>

### palenight
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7190144/109406548-3e1d2300-797a-11eb-8fdb-c3882ae08625.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7190144/109406547-3e1d2300-797a-11eb-9b72-43ba7145355d.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7190144/109406545-3cebf600-797a-11eb-8e2e-992e98d8120e.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7190144/109406546-3d848c80-797a-11eb-9069-04caf383275d.png'/>
</p>

### papercolor_dark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649104-fd766300-74bc-11eb-8c5c-40e7191a81f7.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649106-fe0ef980-74bc-11eb-93f7-f98e0b89d5c9.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649108-ff402680-74bc-11eb-93da-bb96d51c39f0.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649112-00715380-74bd-11eb-8125-2c108da5123e.png'/>
</p>

### papercolor_light
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649126-07986180-74bd-11eb-9a25-c6ce762d37d2.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649129-08c98e80-74bd-11eb-93d4-5bc109ac9ee9.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649132-0b2be880-74bd-11eb-8ed2-afab3e974b4e.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649137-0cf5ac00-74bd-11eb-8764-765bead5de6e.png'/>
</p>

### PaperColor
It's a combination of papercolor_light and papercolor_dark. It loads either of
them based you your `background` option.

### powerline
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649147-14b55080-74bd-11eb-9670-713185342eb2.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649150-15e67d80-74bd-11eb-8815-194c51d96016.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649155-17b04100-74bd-11eb-8e41-017eb9a837b5.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649158-18e16e00-74bd-11eb-8687-65b0ecbf20d2.png'/>
</p>

### seoul256
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649194-2c8cd480-74bd-11eb-8fbc-935d7e0fe921.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649198-2d256b00-74bd-11eb-9894-7ffdead0297c.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649202-2eef2e80-74bd-11eb-9627-38f834ce4aec.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649205-2f87c500-74bd-11eb-9da6-5253dcff2c82.png'/>
</p>

### solarized_dark
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649216-37476980-74bd-11eb-8f3b-2a7fc368388d.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649217-38789680-74bd-11eb-8337-5e3005c5e261.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649223-3c0c1d80-74bd-11eb-953b-72c614aa9638.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649227-3d3d4a80-74bd-11eb-8251-d7788db36060.png'/>
</p>

### solarized_light
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649246-44645880-74bd-11eb-92c9-120798dc0452.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649251-462e1c00-74bd-11eb-953d-2857296997cc.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649255-475f4900-74bd-11eb-8a75-7ca266d56009.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649258-48907600-74bd-11eb-9bba-8e82b56777d9.png'/>
</p>

### Tomorrow
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649275-51814780-74bd-11eb-881b-1e137a0cbfe0.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649297-59d98280-74bd-11eb-92a5-a8c4af150106.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649317-5e9e3680-74bd-11eb-95a4-fc018cb4a528.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649321-6067fa00-74bd-11eb-83bb-b1de7f5e62d6.png'/>
</p>

### wombat
<p>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649337-65c54480-74bd-11eb-9ea1-fab2e679c56b.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649411-8db4a800-74bd-11eb-962a-8b73f9fb7124.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649349-6cec5280-74bd-11eb-9ada-8f1cb8b48ec1.png'/>
<img width='700' src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41551030/108649358-6fe74300-74bd-11eb-9fe2-a955f964e3ce.png'/>
</p
